Barlesque
=========

DESCRIPTION
===========

Barlesque is an extension for Mozilla Firefox 4.x that reclaims useful window
space by collapsing the wide grey addon bar into a neat set of addon buttons.
This extension is Firefox 4.x-only, as add-on bar is a new feature (introduced
in Firefox 4.0b7).

Extension implements this proposal of Jennifer Boriss from Mozilla user
experience group:

http://jboriss.wordpress.com/2010/06/16/removing-firefox%E2%80%99s-status-bar-and-rehousing-add-on-icons-part-3-of-2-wut/

USAGE
=====

Barlesque expects user to have the add-on bar switched on ("View" menu ->
"Toolbars" -> check the "Add-on Bar").

You'll see the effect of extension immediately after installation; add-on bar
won't be the solid horizontal band at the bottom, but will cover only a portion
of the space instead. Also, you can quickly hide the add-on bar by clicking on
the dark-grey down arrow icon at the left (if add-on bar is bound to the right
edge of screen) or right (left edge of screen) side of add-on bar. Later you
can expand the add-on bar with the same icon (it will show up-facing arrow).

By default, extension doesn't persist the collapsed/expanded state of add-on
bar between browser sessions; you can change this through the options dialog
("Tools" menu -> "Add-ons" item -> "Options" button of "Barlesque") by checking
the "Remember the collapsed/expanded state of the add-on bar" checkbox.

You can also change the side of screen the add-on buttons are bound to through
the same options dialog by selecting the "Bottom-left" or "Bottom-right" radio
button.

USABILITY CONSIDERATIONS
========================

Please note that the default bottom-right positioning of the add-on bar may
interfere with UI elements of some websites (e.g. Facebook chat). If you're
frequent visitor to such sites, you may want to change the positioning of
add-on bar through the options dialog (or even refrain from using the
extension). You'd probably want to read the comments to the article linked
above and this discussion on Mozillazine:

http://forums.mozillazine.org/viewtopic.php?f=23&t=1951751

Also, find box (called with Ctrl-F or "Edit" menu -> "Find") hides the add-on
bar - this is done to circumvent some minor (but annoying) UI issues.

PACKAGING
=========

The .xpi file can be created manually by using the 'zip' command (or any other
zipping software). The resulting .xpi file should contain the following files:

chrome/content/options.xul
chrome/content/overlay.js
chrome/content/overlay.xul
chrome/locale/en-US/barlesque.dtd
chrome/skin/options.css
chrome/skin/overlay.css
chrome/skin/arrow-down.png
chrome/skin/arrow-up.png
chrome/skin/barlesque.png
defaults/preferences/barlesque.js
chrome.manifest
install.rdf

Under linux, the following instruction builds the .xpi file:

$ zip -r barlesque.xpi install.rdf chrome.manifest chrome defaults

INSTALLATION
============

The extension can be installed by drag-and-dropping the 'barlesque.xpi' file
over an existing Firefox window, or by pointing Firefox (through File menu,
"Open File..." item) to the local URL where the file is stored.

AUTHOR
======

Copyright 2010 Dmitriy Khudorozhkov (dmitriy.khudorozhkov@gmail.com).